[libc++][chrono] Entirely remove relational operators for `std::chrono::weekday` (#122428)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/ReleaseNotes/20.rst

  removed in language modes prior to C++20. If you are using these features prior to C++20, you will need to
  update to ``-std=c++20``.

> - The relational operators for ``std::chrono::weekday`` has been removed entirely, and the
>   ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_REMOVED_WEEKDAY_RELATIONAL_OPERATORS`` macro that was used to re-enable this extension is ignored in
>   LLVM 20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The relational operators for ``std::chrono::weekday`` has been removed entirely, and the
  ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_REMOVED_WEEKDAY_RELATIONAL_OPERATORS`` macro is now ignored.
```
If people don't already know what the macro is they probably don't care (and can probably guess what it's about).
